sample: add counter using ReplicatedEntity (#26)
lightbend/akkaserverless-java-sdk: samples/replicatedentity-counter/README.md

```

The integration test uses Docker via [TestContainers](https://www.testcontainers.org/) to set up the Akka Serverless environment before calling the gRPC API.

## Running Locally

In order to run your application locally, you must run the Akka Serverless proxy. The included `docker compose` file contains the configuration required to run the proxy for a locally running application.
It also contains the configuration to start a local Google Pub/Sub emulator that the Akka Serverless proxy will connect to.
To start the proxy, run the following command from this directory:

```shell
docker compose up
```

> On Linux this requires Docker 20.10 or later (https://github.com/moby/moby/pull/40007),
> or for a `USER_FUNCTION_HOST` environment variable to be set manually.

```shell
docker compose -f docker-compose.yml -f docker-compose.linux.yml up
```

To start the application locally, the `exec-maven-plugin` is used. Use the following command:

```shell
mvn compile exec:java
```

For further details see [Running a service locally](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/developing/running-service-locally.html) in the documentation.

## Exercise the service

> With both the proxy and your application running, any defined endpoints should be available at `http://localhost:9000`. In addition to the defined gRPC interface, each method has a corresponding HTTP endpoint. Unless configured otherwise (see [Transcoding HTTP](https://docs.lbcs.dev/js-services/proto.html#_transcoding_http)), this endpoint accepts POST requests at the path `/[package].[entity name]/[method]`. For example, using `curl`:

Reviewer: Broken link for HTTP transcoding (will be in the original archetype):

```suggestion
With both the proxy and your application running, any defined endpoints should be available at `http://localhost:9000`. In addition to the defined gRPC interface, each method has a corresponding HTTP endpoint. Unless configured otherwise (see [Transcoding HTTP](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-serverless/java/proto.html#_transcoding_http)), this endpoint accepts POST requests at the path `/[package].[entity name]/[method]`. For example, using `curl`:
```

Reviewer: PRs for archetypes (#37) and other sample readmes (#38)
